one of the funniest things to me is when
people sit here and tell me oh I'm on a
diet I can't eat out I can't eat
anything I can't go out with friends
yeah okay just because you're on a diet
doesn't mean that you're on a social
life restriction and that you are
isolated and have to be confined in some
little itty bitty diet hole um I did the
Medifast program it worked for me I lost
95 pounds in eight months I've kept it
off here's a very important thing for me
with that program i can't speak for any
other program i did lose weight on a
couple other ones like Weight Watchers
and whatever but I lost the same 30
pounds over and over and over again and
never lost as much as I did on medifast
nothing ever worked as well for me as
Manifest did but here we go every single
restaurant that you go to you can find
something healthy I'm sorry McDonald's
included you can find a salad you can
put some chicken on it if you go to
chick-fil-a you get a bird in a bag and
you get a salad and you put extra
chicken on the chicken style that you
just got watch your dressings make sure
you don't have way too many calories
what's way too many calories still go
over like 30 and they'll go over like
six cards that's actually a lot if you
think about it lots of those dressings
have over 100 calories in one little
packet watch how much you're using let's
pay attention to it um you can get a
stick and asparagus you can get
mushrooms and shrimp you can get and I
was kind of a weird one I don't know as
pairing up the healthy vegetable um stay
away from potatoes obviously right
obviously bread obviously lots of people
look at me like I'm crazy with that
don't do what okay but you're eating
like tons of starch duh so stay away
from that stuff way to go to the
restaurant yes there's bread on the
table yes it smells good but how many
times have you had that bread yeah I
know my brother likes to sit like right
here that's so disgusting just think
about that start pinching your fat roll
on your stomach next time you really
want that bread so how do you stay away
from the bad stuff that's how how do you
order the good stuff that's how get a
meat and a healthy vegetable no corn no
carrots no potatoes nothing white except
for cauliflower okay very close
attention to that peas or starchy
artichokes or starchy get asparagus get
tomatoes get something healthy pay
attention if you've a hard time making a
healthy choice get an app on your phone
that tells you what the good healthy
choices are you want to stay under
probably a hundred calories and under
five carbs for your green
so get a calorie king or a MyFitnessPal
app on your phone pay attention to what
you're eating don't stuff your face with
bread and bad things for you and when
you go out to a restaurant just order a
lean and a green meal it's not that
difficult you can still be socially you
can still go out with your friends you
can still do stuff bring your water
flavor packets like these eat normal
like a normal human being because that's
what you are you can't expect to be on a
diet and be isolated it doesn't work
then you start hating your diet go out
go have fun but just remember to make
smart choices you look a lot healthier
and a lot better if you're eating things
like that been stuffing possum oh good
bridge pose no no no no don't do that so
unattractive my name is Christina ray I
lost 95 pounds of eight months on the
medifast program I'm now a take shape
for life health coach I'd love to help
you lose your weight you can look me up
on facebook write me on here whatever
you wanna do